regex.asciidoc: rephrasing, style, consistency (#4199)
mawww/kakoune: doc/pages/regex.asciidoc

* `\h` which matches all horizontal whitespace characters.

Using an upper case letter instead of a lower case one will negate
the character class. For example, `\D` will match every non-digit
character.

Character class escapes can be used outside of a character class, `\d`
is equivalent to `[\d]`.

== Any character

> `.` matches any character, including newlines, by default.

Reviewer: Might want to drop a reference to `:doc regex modifiers` to help people figure out how to change the default.

== Zero width assertions

Assertions do not consume any character, but they will prevent the regex
from matching if not fulfilled.

> * `^` matches at the start of a line; that is, just after a new ine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `^` matches at the start of a line; that is, just after a newline
```

      is not an end of line).
* `\b` matches at a word boundary; which is to say that between the
       previous character and the current character, one is a word
       character, and the other is not.
* `\B` matches at a non-word boundary; meaning, when both the previous
       character and the current character are word characters, or both
       are not.
* `\A` matches at the subject string's beginning.
* `\z` matches at the subject string's end.
* `\K` matches anything, and resets the start position of capture group
       0 to the current position.

More complex assertions can be expressed with lookarounds:

* `(?=...)` is a lookahead; it will match if its content matches the
            text following the current position.
* `(?!...)` is a negative lookahead; it will match if its content does
            not match the text following the current position.
* `(?<=...)` is a lookbehind; it will match if its content matches
             the text preceding the current position.
* `(?<!...)` is a negative lookbehind; it will match if its content does
             not match the text preceding the current position.

> For performance reasons, lookaround contents must be sequence of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance reasons, lookaround contents must be a sequence of
```
